You know what, Astral?
I'm really glad
I started dueling,
because when I'm dueling,
I don't care that
I was late for school
or that I flunked today's
math test, but uh...
don't tell Kari and grandma...
I can forget my problems
and just have fun.
That's what I love
about it most.
Hey, Astral...
What are you gonna do
after you get all the Numbers?
I will fulfill my mission and
then return to Astral World.
I know, I get that.
But I mean after that.
After?
I have not yet considered it.
You haven't thought
about your future?
(shouting)
The future is the best part!
That's where you can do
anything you want,
and anything can happen.
Hmm.
But I know you're leaving,
so you won't be here
with me to see it.
Sadly, I will not.
Hey!
I bet you're thinking that
I'm gonna break down and cry
when you go away.
You'll see.
When you leave, my eyes
are gonna be bone dry.
But before that,
we'll have one last duel,
where I'll beat you so bad,
that you'll be
the one who's crying
while I laugh all the way home.
(groaning)
♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ Till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of
our souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together,
regretting never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
Yuma's really in trouble.
He's down to 300 life points.
And he has no monsters.
The kid"'s in a
tight spot, for sure.
Tight doesn't even
begin to describe it.
Come on, Yuma, you've gotten
out of worse than this.
I don't think so.
Face it... when it's over,
it's over.
What's Astral trying
to tell me?
I hoped to remind you
of what you have lost,
but the way you are dueling,
it was not meant to be.
Well, what have I lost?
Figure it out.
I activate Overlay Accel's
effect and use one Overlay Unit
to allow Utopia Roots
to attack again!
Perhaps this will remind
you to examine the "roots"
of your problem.
Attack Yuma!
This is quite fun!
(thinking) Fun?
That's what I've been missing.
I've been shedding so many
tears that I forgot
that dueling is
supposed to be fun.
That's what I've lost.
I forgot to have fun.
Thanks for
the reminder, Astral.
Go, Danger Draw!
Since your attacking monster
has more attack points
than my life points,
I get to draw a card,
and if I draw a trap card,
not only can I stop
your attack,
but I get to
activate the trap too!
Are you enjoying this duel?
Because I'm having
tons of fun, Astral.
Yuma.
The ol' duel-loving
Yuma is back!
And I'm gonna win.
But most importantly, Astral,
I'm gonna have fun
while I'm doing it!
Yah!
(all gasping)
A truly powerful duelist can
shape the outcome of a duel.
He can even generate the very
cards that he needs to draw!
Go, Shining Draw!
Yuma, you can Shining Draw?
And guess what I drew?
A trap card!
So, that stops
Utopia Roots' attack.
Then I activate my trap
Halfway to Forever!
I can Xyz Summon using two
monsters in my graveyard.
Get set to get decked.
I overlay Gagaga Cowboy and
Gagaga Samurai to Xyz Summon.
Forge the path of destiny.
Future Number Zero!
Utopic Future.
Yuma summoned his own Number.
Utopic Future?
Yuma, that's amazing!
Quite impressive, Yuma.
I learn from the best.
Then allow me to witness
what you have learned.
Okay, you asked for it!
I draw!
Utopic Future,
attack Utopia Roots!
Utopic Future
has zero attack points!
So, why would you
attack my monster?
Is this another trick, Yuma?
You'll see!
(thinking) What should I do?
Roots, use your ability!
I shall be cautious
and lower Utopia Roots'
attack points by giving your
monster one Overlay Unit.
I will spare you
from the equations needed
to calculate Roots'
attack points,
because you struggle
with basic arithmetic.
In essence, Utopia Roots"'
attack points drop to 300.
My monster's got
a special ability too.
Utopic Future can't be
destroyed in battle,
plus I don't take any damage!
And here's the cherry on top...
I take control of your monster
until the end of the turn.
Oh, no!
Utopic Future, attack with
Rising Sun Future Slash!
Now Utopia Roots
joins the winning team.
Go, Utopia Roots!
Attack Astral directly!
Not bad, Yuma.
I place one card face down
and end my turn.
Your renewed love for dueling
has made you a fiercer foe.
You bet!
Now that I got my groove back,
there's nothing you can do
that I can't handle.
Oh, really?
Do not forget that everything
you have learned,
you learned from me!
A master duelist can
create his own destiny
and will his exact card
into existence.
Go, Cosmic Shining Draw!
Behold!
I activate Hyper
Rank-up-Magic Ultimate Force!
The moment is at hand.
I will rank up Utopia into its
highest form of existence.
Hyper Xyz Evolution!
Witness the pinnacle
of prominence.
Number 99...
Utopic Dragon!
Utopic Dragon?
How am I gonna beat that thing?
You cannot.
That was the whole point of
summoning this monster.
Furthermore,
Utopic Dragon can resurrect
one Number from my graveyard.
Return to me, Number 39...
Utopia Beyond!
Not again!
Utopic Dragon,
attack Utopic Future!
Oh, please!
You couldn't destroy
Utopic Future last time,
and you're also gonna
fail this time.
But that's fine with me,
because I get to take
control of your dragon.
I think not.
Due to Utopic Dragon's
additional special ability,
it uses one Overlay Unit
to avoid destruction.
Then it destroys all other
monsters on the field.
Oh, great.
(all gasping)
Nice try, but you won't
destroy my monster!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Utopic Future isn't destroyed.
Too bad, Astral,
but I foiled your plan.
That was never my plan.
What?
My plan was to destroy
my own monster,
because you now take damage
equal to Utopia Beyond"'s
attack points.
(screaming)
Oh, no!
Utopia Beyond has
3000 attack points.
This is gonna wipe Yuma out!
(screaming)
Yuma!
I activate Utopic Future's
special ability!
Use one Overlay Unit!
By doing so, I take no damage.
I end my turn.
You survived.
This is our last duel together.
I don't want it to end.
It's my turn!
I'm feeling the flow.
I draw!
Yah!
Utopic Future,
attack Utopic Dragon!
Now I gain control
of your monster.
Not quite!
Utopic Dragon refuses
to fall under your command,
because its special ability
destroys Utopic Future.
Like I'm gonna let that happen.
Utopic Future uses one Overlay
Unit to avoid being destroyed.
Yeah!
And I'm not done yet.
I activate the trap
Hi-Five the Sky.
Utopic Future loses
all its special abilities,
but it gets to attack again.
But without its special
abilities, it'll be destroyed!
That will be catastrophic!
Next I'll play the trap
Memories of Courage!
Utopic Future gains
500 attack points
for every Number
in our graveyards.
Since there are eight Numbers,
Utopic Future powers up to a
whopping 4000 attack points!
Memories of Courage
has another effect.
Even though Utopic Future
and Utopic Dragon
have the same
number of attack points,
my monster can't be destroyed
when they battle.
And if I destroy your monster,
but don't deal you any damage,
Utopic Future can attack again!
(thinking) This is it.
If my next attack
succeeds, I win.
(thinking) This is it.
If my next attack
succeeds, I win.
Let's do this.
Attack Astral directly!
That will not work.
I activate the trap
the Door of Destiny.
The Door of Destiny?
That's the door
that started it all!
We have come full circle, Yuma.
The door has not only
stopped your attack,
but you will take
500 points of damage
for every Number that I
banish from my graveyard.
Therefore, if you fail
to destroy this door
right now, Yuma,
you will lose this duel.
Destroy the door?
I can't do that.
How can I destroy something
that represents
everything that
happened between us?
Because, Yuma,
it is your destiny.
Whoever can open this door will
gain a great, new power.
But know that with
such a reward comes great risk.
You would lose that which is
most valuable to you.
But then, that means...
What's valuable to me is you.
It's you, Astral.
Right now it's you.
I have to lose you too?
(Astral)
You will never lose me, Yuma.
Play your card.
Play it, Yuma, for your future.
But if I do, if I beat you,
you'll be gone
from my life forever.
But how can I be gone when
I live on in your heart?
Astral.
I'll do it.
I activate the spell
Double or Nothing!
Utopic Future doubles its attack
points and can attack again.
This is it, my final move!
Astral!
I'll never forget you, Astral.
You made me cry,
you made me laugh,
you made me the best
that I could be,
and I loved every moment of it.
And now, our future's
waiting for us.
A future without you.
Utopic Future attack!
Rising Sun Future Slash!
Astral.
Nicely done, Yuma.
Thanks, pal.
It's the Numeron Code.
(all gasping)
It is time for us
to part, Yuma.
I know.
Thank you.
Don't worry, I won't cry.
I have always enjoyed
seeing your smile.
I will remember it, always.
Good-bye.
Astral!
No matter how
many times I fall,
no matter how many times
I get laughed at,
I promise to keep trying
to high-five the sky,
'cause when you're feeling
the flow, there's no going back!
Astral, we'll miss you.
Thanks, Astral.
Thanks for everything.
We"'re friends forever!
Likewise, Yuma.
Friends until the end of time!
Bye, Astral!
My final observation...
even galaxies apart,
friendship is forever.
I'm gonna beat you
this time, Bronk!
It'd help if you
slowed down a bit though.
Here's some advice...
try lightenin' your load.
All right, Bronk, here I come!
And remember, loser has to do
whatever the other one says!
Bronk's... so...
fast.
Can't believe that I lost!
Well, believe it, Yuma,
or should I say Rainbow Kuriboh?
Rainbow Kuriboh?
What are you
talking about, Rio?
Bronk won your race and he's
letting me decide your fate,
and I say you have to dress
as Rainbow Kuriboh for a week.
You know, you'd think since my
pal Astral used the Numeron Code
to turn you and the other
Emperors human again,
you'd go easier on me.
Would you rather dress
as Gagaga Girl?
Uh, never mind.
He's the best dweeb
a friend could ask for.
Mira, I hope Astral knows
how thankful we are.
Of course he does, Kazuma.
What he did...
bringing us back home,
and all of Yuma's friends...
he is truly remarkable.
Orbital, power up
your processors
and set your servos on high.
You and your family have
some data to digest.
Yes, sir!
(robots) Yes, sir!
Gigakids, get your gears going!
I'll work with Byron, sir.
All right, then,
let's dissect some dimensions.
(Yuma)
Yep, things are back to normal.
Studying hard, watching
what I eat, sharing with my sis,
helping out, beating Bronk,
high-fiving the sky.
Everything"'s just like it was,
except one thing... Astral.
(sighing)
(whirring)
My key, what's it
trying to tell me?
Yuma!
(gasping)
What are you all doing here?
Since when did
you all become besties?
Sorry to interrupt your little
date, but we got trouble.
There's something out there
that wants your buddy's
home to go bye-bye!
Astral's in trouble?
(thunder crashing)
An evil is gathering,
strengthening its forces.
It is a power unlike anything
I have ever witnessed before.
I fear a dangerous
new battle lies before us.
Will you fight?
Yes, but not alone.
We're really doing this?
We're going to Astral World?
Yeah, Astral totally
needs our help.
He helped all of us, and now
we can return the favor.
Your boosters better not
fail or I'm trading you in.
Aye-aye, Master Kite!
I hope you brought your
"A" game, Quattro.
Like I have anything
but an "A" game.
Get real.
Dad, do you think the four of us
have what it'll take to win?
You boys have not even begun
to tap into your true powers.
The battle ahead may be
the toughest ever.
We must expect the unexpected.
You have a Galaxy-Eyes
master on your side.
How can we lose?
I"'m ready to go the distance
and KO the competition.
Yeah, I'm lookin' forward to
havin' a really good brawl!
We can do this!
Um, you sure?
There's no way you can get
this job done without me.
Vector?
You're not planning to double,
triple or quadruple-cross
us are you?
Don't worry, just trust in
the Ray Way and we'll be fine.
Yeah, as long as you don't mind
guard dogs and rose bushes.
(Astral)
I do not know
what the future holds,
but if the past is
my guide to tomorrow,
I do not fear the unknown,
for the friendships I have
forged have shown me
that high-fiving the sky
can overcome any obstacles
that get in one"'s way.
Yuma?
Yeah?
I just wanted you to know
that I'm Gagaga over you!
You ready to help Astral?
Yeah!
I am ready
to high-five the sky!
You don't have to feel
scared or alone, Astral.
(all)
'Cause we're feelin' the...
Flow!
♪ Take a chance,
I"'ll take a chance on today ♪ ♪
♪